doc: 添加贡献指南 (#386)
MCDReforged/PluginCatalogue: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- 在上方撰写您想附加的信息 -->
<!-- Write your own things above -->
---

<!--
- 请确认您的PR符合《贡献指南》中的要求，然后勾选下方的复选框，不要修改其它内容
  勾选案例：- [x]

> - Please confirm that your PR meets the Contribution Guidlines, then check the checkbox below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please confirm that your pull request meets the "Contributing Guidelines", then check the checkbox below,
```

  DO NOT MODIFY ANY OTHER CONTENT
  Ticked checkbox sample: - [x]
-->

<!--Checkmate-->

> - [ ] 我已阅读并检查，此 PR 符合《贡献指南》中的要求
>   I have read and checked that my PR meets the requirements in the Contribution Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 我已阅读并检查，此 PR 符合 [贡献指南](CONTRIBUTING_CN.md) 中的要求
  I have read and checked that my PR meets the requirements in the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
```
